n this  blog we will see Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2


What is http
     HTTP - Hyper text transfer protocol
     It is used for client to server communication
     using HTTP user sends the request to  server &  server sends the response to the user like a responsive cycle.

http 1.1
     The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997 It works on the text format.
     There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
     It use requests resource Inline for use getting multiple pages compresses data itself. 
     transfer all the requests & responses in the text message form.
     all the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.


 Http2 
     it created in 2015.
     Htttp 1.1 works text format but http2 works on the binary framing layer instead of text that converts all the messages in binary format.
     HTTP/2 uses hpack which is used to split data from header. 
     it compresses the header The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the push frame.
     It allow multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.


Object and it Internal Representation in java script

         In this blog we will see Object and it internal representation in java script .
         Object is non-primitive data time
         It have key value pairs
         Eg)
         Var obj {
                Name: "murugappan",
                Batch:" B44"
           }
           Access the value call by key
           Access murugappan using   obj.Name
           Syt: object name. Key name
          
           It holds many key value pairs inside object.
           Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference .
           That reference  points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.
            An object property name can be any valid JavaScript string, or anything that can be converted to a string, including the empty string.
